this story tells of a mother who always
donates her blood through a machine
years past now the child has grown up
and the mother is old one day the old
mother gave a box to her son he left a
message that the box would tell the true
story of her sacrifice over the years
the son then received the box his mother
gave him now the mother died peacefully
in her bed his mother was buried and he
could only look down sadly because now
he was living alone when he opened the
gift box his mother gave him he was
surprised to find several photos showing
a child born with two heads it turned
out that the boy in the photo was him
his gaze fell on his mother's blood
donation machine with a trembling body
he tried to find out the secret inside
the machine
and sure enough there is his twin sister
in it who has been living by drinking
their mother's blood for years
now the man continues his mother's
struggle by giving blood to his twin
sisters every day